Docs: Flux support in influxdb data source in 7.1 (#25551)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/features/datasources/influxdb.md

2. In the side menu under the `Dashboards` link you should find a link named `Data Sources`.
3. Click the `+ Add data source` button in the top header.
4. Select *InfluxDB* from the *Type* dropdown.

> 5. Select *InfluxQL* or *Flux* from the `Query Language` dropdown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Select *InfluxQL* or *Flux* from the `Query Language` list.
```

> > NOTE: If you're not seeing the `Data Sources` link in your side menu it means that your current user does not have the `Admin` role for the current organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** If you're not seeing the `Data Sources` link in your side menu it means that your current user does not have the `Admin` role for the current organization.
```

*Default* | Default data source means that it will be pre-selected for new panels.
*Url* | The HTTP protocol, IP address and port of your InfluxDB API (InfluxDB API port is by default 8086)
*Access* | Server (default) = URL needs to be accessible from the Grafana backend/server, Browser = URL needs to be accessible from the browser.

> *Enable flux* | Enables support for the [Flux query and scripting language](https://www.influxdata.com/products/flux/). Requires that the Token field be set a valid [Influx authentication token to function](https://v2.docs.influxdata.com/v2.0/security/tokens/create-token/)

Reviewer 2: @oddlittlebird -- I'm not sure what you are looking at... ~1/2 of your comments are against outdated content.  I applied the ones that can merge though :man_shrugging:

> *Enable flux* | Enables support for the [Flux query and scripting language](https://www.influxdata.com/products/flux/). Requires that the Token field be set a valid [Influx authentication token to function](https://v2.docs.influxdata.com/v2.0/security/tokens/create-token/)

Reviewer: YEah, had some weirdness on my end. I commented and THOUGHT I had applied the review last week. Apparently not...but the comments were still waiting.

You can remove the group by time by clicking on the `time` part and then the `x` icon. You can
change the option `Format As` to `Table` if you want to show raw data in the `Table` panel.

## Flux support

> Only available in Grafana v7.1+.

If you have enabled Flux and set up a token for auth in the data source configuration, then you can use the [Flux query and scripting language](https://www.influxdata.com/products/flux/). Grafana's Flux query editor is a text editor for raw Flux queries with Macro support.

### Supported Macros

> Macro example | Description

Reviewer 2: :+1: -- already capitalized in the UI (unless you see it lowercase somewhere)

You can remove the group by time by clicking on the `time` part and then the `x` icon. You can
change the option `Format As` to `Table` if you want to show raw data in the `Table` panel.

## Flux support

> > Starting in v7.1 grafana will execute Flux queries in addition to InfluxQL queries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Starting in v7.1, Grafana can execute Flux queries.
```

> 

Author: Should we add something that is beta? @ryantxu I believe you said there is a beta flag for this somewhere now in Grafana.

Reviewer 2: There is a very clear flag in the UI... not sure it is necessary in the docs.  I'm not sure what we do in general here, and think either wasy is fine:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/705951/87328202-fd0af800-c4e9-11ea-8bb6-fba5effc408c.png)

> The client supports flux running on InfluxDB 1.8+.  See [1.8 compatibility](https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb-client-go/#influxdb-18-api-compatibility) for more details and connection details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The client supports Flux running on InfluxDB 1.8+.  See [1.8 compatibility](https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb-client-go/#influxdb-18-api-compatibility) for more information and connection details.
```

Name | Description
------------ | -------------

> *Url* | The HTTP protocol, IP address and port of your InfluxDB API (InfluxDB 2.0 API port is by default 9999)

Reviewer: Can you change this to "URL" in both the docs and the UI?

*Organization* | The [Influx organization](https://v2.docs.influxdata.com/v2.0/organizations/) that will be used for Flux queries.  This is also used to for the `v.organization` query macro
*Token* | The authentication token used for Flux queries. With Influx 2.0, use the [influx authentication token to function](https://v2.docs.influxdata.com/v2.0/security/tokens/create-token/).  For influx 1.8, the token is `username:password` 
*Default Bucket* | The [Influx bucket](https://v2.docs.influxdata.com/v2.0/organizations/buckets/) that will be used for the `v.defaultBucket` macro in Flux queries

You can use the [Flux query and scripting language](https://www.influxdata.com/products/flux/). Grafana's Flux query editor is a text editor for raw Flux queries with Macro support.

### Supported Macros

> The macros are designed to easily support copy+paste from [Chronograph](https://www.influxdata.com/time-series-platform/chronograf/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The macros support copying and pasting from [Chronograph](https://www.influxdata.com/time-series-platform/chronograf/).
```
